Impossible absolutely impossible
How could it be God?
Miss Bai, are you mistaken?
He's the only one selling mutton kebabs
How could it be God?
I don't know about you.
Why do you think he's a skewer?
But I can tell you for sure
He is the deity of the Lord God
Quickly apologize to the Lord God
Who should apologize to others?
The party is about to start
Yes Lord God
Please sign
Mom and Dad, you are here
The Lord of God has come
Dad, what's the matter with you?
I just got the news.
Lord God has been around for half a year
Dead on the battlefield
What Lord God died in battle?
How is that possible?
I haven't heard any news.
If the Lord God dies in battle
Who is this kid?
Impersonating God
He's a dead man.
Father, Lord God is standing here
How could someone fake it?
The girl doesn't even believe what I say
I am your father
Can it still hurt you?
Girl, you can't trust that kid
He is a liar
We can't be fooled.
Why haven't Jiu Ge and Fengqing come yet?
I don't even know if he is the Lord of God
Go to hell with the old stuff, stop